Added Atima Wrapper (#290)
R3BRootGroup/R3BRoot: atima/README.md

# AtimaWrapper for R3BRoot

> You can get energyloss etc. from Atima inside R3BRoot with only a few lines of code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ATIMA](https://web-docs.gsi.de/~weick/atima/) is a program developed at GSI which calculates various physical quantities characterizing the slowing down of protons and heavy ions in matter for specific kinetic energies ranging from 1 keV/u to 450 GeV/u. You can get the stopping power, energy loss, energy-loss straggling, range, etc. from Atima inside R3BRoot with only a few lines of code.
```

> The following line, e.g. will give you the Energyloss of a proton beam @ 400 MeV in a 50mm liquid hydrogen target:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following line will give you the energy loss of a proton beam @ 400 MeV in a 50mm liquid hydrogen target:
```

```c++
    R3BAtima::Calculate_mm(1, 1, 400, R3BAtimaTargetMaterial::LH2, 50).ELoss_AMeV;
``` 

> You can define Materials using R3BAtimaTargetMaterial and R3BAtimaMaterialCompound or use predefined Materials inside R3BAtimaTargetMaterial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define Materials using `R3BAtimaTargetMaterial` and `R3BAtimaMaterialCompound` or use predefined Materials inside `R3BAtimaTargetMaterial`.
```

Please add commonly used materials which are not defined there yet!

> Since the computation takes a small amount of time, you can store the result in a chosen range in a so called map in order to increase the speed in frequent computations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the computation takes a small amount of time, you can cache the result in a chosen range in order to increase the speed in frequent computations.
```

The following lines will create a map which can be read out whithin the chosen range. The results will be interpolated from the precalculated points.

```c++
    // Energie from 100 AMeV to 200 AMeV with 10 steps
    // Distance from 0mm to 50mm with 20 steps
    auto cache = R3BAtimaCache(1, 1, {100,200,10}, R3BAtimaTargetMaterial::LH2, {0,50,20});
    auto res = cache(150,4.9); // Get data object with 150 AMeV and 4.9mm
``` 

> You can store those maps in a file in order to save the precompuation time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can store the cache in a file in order to save the computation time.
```

# AtimaWrapper for R3BRoot

You can get energyloss etc. from Atima inside R3BRoot with only a few lines of code.
The following line, e.g. will give you the Energyloss of a proton beam @ 400 MeV in a 50mm liquid hydrogen target:

```c++
    R3BAtima::Calculate_mm(1, 1, 400, R3BAtima::LiqH, 50).ELoss_AMeV;
``` 

You can define Materials using R3BAtimaTargetMaterial and R3BAtimaMaterialCompound or use predefined Materials inside R3BAtima.h.
Please add commonly used materials which are not defined there yet!

Since the computation takes a small amount of time, you can store the result in a chosen range in a so called map in order to increase the speed in frequent computations.

The following lines will create a map which can be read out whithin the chosen range. The results will be interpolated from the precalculated points.

```c++
    // Energie from 100 AMeV to 200 AMeV with 10 steps
    // Distance from 0mm to 50mm with 20 steps
    auto header = R3BAtimaMapHeader(1, 1, R3BAtima::LiqH, {100,200,10}, {0,50,20}); 
    auto atimamap = R3BAtimaMap(header);

>     atimamap.GetResult(150,4.9).ELoss_AMeV; // ELoss with 150 AMeV and 4.9mm

Reviewer: I don't really like the Map/MapHeader structure and naming. The map cannot live without the header, and the header alone is useless. What about:
```C++
auto atimarange = R3BAtimaRange(1, 1, {100,200,10}, R3BAtima::LH2, {0,50,20});
atimarange.GetResult(150, 4.9).ELoss_AMeV;
atimarange.Save("atima.cache");
````
Notice also the parameter order change to be equivalent to R3BAtima.

To load 
```C++
auto atimarange = R3BAtimaRange::Load("atima.cache");
```

Author: I decided for the constructor with the second argument so you do not have to bother with creating the file and loading etc inside. You just enter the line and it will load or create the file.

Author: On the Map/Header issue:
When I started this I went this way because I was hopeing that this would make it easier to understand for students.
I.e. you define what you want to look at in one line, and than use it in the second.
But after finishing I barely see any advantage.
